DOC-2463: Fixed JavaScript error when inserting a table using the context menu by adjusting the event order in `renderInsertTableMenuItem`. (#3406)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.3-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Fixed JavaScript error when inserting a table using the context menu by adjusting the event order in `renderInsertTableMenuItem`.
// #TINY-6887

> In {productname} version {release-version}, a JavaScript warning was addressed that occurred when using both the table and autoresize plugins. The issue was caused by the `onAction` event hiding the context menu, followed by an attempt to close it, resulting in the error: "Uncaught Error: The component must be in a context to send: triggerEvent is not in context."
> 
> Although this did not affect user interactions, it was corrected by reversing the order of function calls in the code. The trigger function is now executed before `onAction`, ensuring the context menu is properly managed before any hiding actions occur. 
> 
> As a result, this fix eliminates the warning, allowing seamless table insertion via the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously in {productname}, a JavaScript warning would appear when attempting to insert a table from the context menu while using both the `table` and `autoresize` plugins. This warning was caused by the `onAction` event hiding the context menu, followed by an attempt to close the already hidden context menu, resulting in the warning message:

[quote]
"Uncaught Error: The component must be in a context to send: triggerEvent is not in context."

NOTE: This warning did not impact the functionality of table insertion, but it could be confusing for users.

In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by adjusting the order of function calls in the code. Now, the context menu is closed before the `onAction` event is triggered when inserting a table from the context menu. As a result, the table is inserted as expected without any JavaScript warnings.
```
